
1. OOP
Object Oriented Programming: It is a technique that develops logical module.
It simplifies the software development and maintenance by providing some concepts:
Object, Class, Encapsulation, Abstraction, Polymorphism and Inheritance.

2. Class
Class is a blueprint of object which contain
data member,properties,constructor, and methods.

3. Object
It is a real world entity such as pen,table etc.

4.Abstraction

It is a process which shows the relevant information to the specific user without
showing unnecessary information.

5. Abstract Class:

* An abstract base class can not be instantiated.
* It mush be a derived class.
* This class has no implemenation.

6.Abstract Method

* Abstract method always has incomplete and no body implementation.
* It must be overide method in child class.



7. Encapsulation 

It is the process of hiding irrelevant data from the user.

8. Access Modifier

public : use for any class.
private: It uses for specific class.
Protected: It uses for specific class and derived class.
Internal: It hides variables and methods from other namespace.

The get set accessor mostly used for storing and retrieving value from the private field. 
The get accessor muct return  a value of property type where set accesssor returns void. 
The set accessor uses an implicit parameter called value. In simple word, the get method used 
for retrieving value from private field whereas set method used for storing value in private variables.

9. Polymorphism

It allows an entity in multiple forms. One interface divided into multiple functions.

Polymorphism has two types: static polymorphism or function overloading and dynamic polymorphism function override.

10.Virtual Method

It gives flexibility to direct use of virtual method or add additional functionality in it by overriding it.
Virtual method can be overriden or cannot be overridden by child class. 

11. Interface

It describes functionality and C# supports multiple interface.

12. Sealed
It is used to protect a class from any inheritance chance.